investigate town

A collector of rare metals tracked a meteorite which fell near the town of Rowley.
On visiting the town she found the locals to be very unhelpful and slightly disturbing, and has tasked you with finding and retreiving the meteriorite.

You arrive at Rowley in the morning and spend the entire day questioning the locals with no progress being made.


After night falls an otherworldly music can be heard drifting through the streets.  The locals who are still outdoors stop and stare, enchanted by the strange sounds.


Place tiles

Place tokens.

Place a Riot in this space.  Investigators do not need to perform horror or evade checks for this monster.


This door is Locked (puzzle)

Alternative way (key)




The music is coming from this direction.

There is a large object floating in space near the fountain.  It appears to be a dark rock, though it is difficult to see clearly for some unknown reason.

Nearby a group of villagers stand still, staring at the object.

place monsters

You may attempt to grab the object

Space around the object is distorted and you struggle to touch the object ({will}; 2)

You slip over on the cobblestones, take 1 damage and 1 horror.

You grab the object which appears to have no weight.  Place a search token on your investigator sheet.  You may spend an action to give this token to another investigator in your space.

This even affects the investigator with the search token on their sheet:
You feel the object's strange power drifting over you and fight to retain control ({sdf}; 2)

You muscles refuse to follow your commands and stunned, horror

The remaining investigators flee in terror.  Whatever fell from the sky is clearly beyond their capabilities and is best left well alone.

As you leave Rowley you constantly struggle against the strange objects power and the odd music that now sounds as if it is coming from inside your own heads.
You quickly agree that it would be too dangerous to let anyone have this object and drive far into the woods.

Finding a secluded spot you bury the object and hope that it remains hidden for the benifit of all.
