Fall of House Lynch:
e3:Clock Strikes 10
No C3: Each investifator takes 1 horror
C3A: A fiery figure bolts down the hallway towards the bedroom
1 zombie in hallway 2 with a fire token on him.  When he is dealt damage place the fire token in his room
C3B: The skinless remains of a man throws open the door of the labratory
Place a zombie in the Foyer.  Each investigator then takes 1 horror.

e4:Clock Strikes 11
No C2: Each investifator takes 1 horror
C2A: A madman picks up his axe and runs down the hall.
The keeper may move a maniac up to 2 spaces.
C2B: The lights momentarily go out as an explosion of gunfire echoes down the hall.
Each investigator in a bedroom space is dealt 2 damage.

e3:Clock Strikes 12
A living corpse rises up from its resting place.
Judging from the pictures you've seen, the corpse is Edith Lynch, albeit dead for weeks.
Place 1 zombie in clue 2 location

e3:Clock Strikes 1
Reveal Objective
1A: The ground shakes violently.
Place 1 time token on the next event card
1B: The old ohuse groans
Discard all lock cards
1C: The front door locks wih a loud click
Lock 6B on front door:

RRXRR
 XXX 
  X

e3:Clock Strikes 2
As the clock strikes 2 the ground begins to shake.
Something ancient and depp beneath the house rapidly pulls the foundation down into the ground.  The answers no longer matter as the investigators and monsters struggle for their lives.

1A: keeper wins
1B: investigators win
1C: all lose

1A: You are consumed by a vision of Walter leading a seance to communicate with his dead son.  You watch as an uninvited spirit wraps around his mind with one command: "FEED ME SOULS!"
Reveal objective.  The keeper places walter within 2 spaces of any investigator.  Walter is a maniac with +4 health per investigator.

1B: Somewhere in the house, Walter attempts to use your won flesh and blood to enact an ancient summoning.  The gound shakes, knocking books and trinkets off the shelves.

Reveal objective.  Then stun each shoggoth in play.

1C: Walkter's voice echoes through the mansion: "WE MUST FEED IT!" Then a painful chorus of sickly groans fills the manor.  It is an unnerving sound, almost, but not quite, human.

Reveal Objective.  The keeper then places 1 zombie per investigator in differnt rooms not containing investigators.

2A: You find a journal entry dated July 5th 1918.
"My wife's condition has begun to deteriorate as of late.  I know it is only a matter of time, and have prepared a place for her along with the other bodies deep within the ground."

2B: Your sight blurs and you collapse to the ground as a vision consumes you.  A man whistles a cheerful tunes as he drags a woman's limp body along the floor.  You shiver as the body is dragged into the rain, through a muddy puddle.  A shovel comes down on her head as the vision ends.

3A: The room is empty except for the burnt outline of a human on the kitchen table.  Upton closer examination, you find a simple silver key hidden in the soot.
A trail of blackened footprints leads up the foyer stairs and right down the hall.

3B: The bloody mess of a man's body lies on the operating table.  Rusted instruments and crude tools lie all around him.
The skinless man whispers to you in horror through his lipless mouth.  "Oh god, he wanted my flesh..."
With his last breath he murmurs, "He let me stay the night..." and hands you a key.


text="CommandMinion, EvilPresence, ManiacAttack, TakeSample, UncontrollableUrges"

Maniac Attack 4
The door explodes into splinters as a crazed madman enters the room.
If no maniacs place 1 on investigator
If maniacs heal 1 fully, move anywhere if not holding a sample.

Uncontrollable Urges 2
Move investigator 1 space or force 1 action on spell/equipment/artifact/tome

Command Minion 1
The monster notices your presence and charges in your direction
Move a monster 2 spaces, once/monster

Take Sample 1
The monster pulls at your hair.
Once per turn, choose a monster in an investigator's space.  Plase 1 sample token and move 1 space.
If the monster is in an altar's space at the start of your turn trade for 5 threat.

Evil Presence
You cannot help but feel that something ancient and evil slumbers here.
+1mythos, +1trauma, free if only action

Power Failure
The lights in this room refuse to turn on
Place a darkness marker in your room.  Solve #1A to discard.
RXX
RRR

Suitcase
You find a sturdy suitcase sealed by a simple combination lock.
#6A
RXR
XXX
RXR

Puzzlebox
You find a box covered in cryptic runes.
#8

"Nameless Cults (int+1, take 1 horror gain blood pact (heal)->Flesh Ward, Sedative, Whiskey (7x nothing all up)"

Magical Lock
The door leading into this room is sealed with a lock that will only open if you know the proper phrase.

Locked Door
The door leading into this room is locked and requires a silver key.

Jammed Door
You grunt with effort as you try to force the door open.
Test strength.

Padlocked Door
The door leading into this room is sealed with a rusted combination lock.
#4A
RRRXXRRR

Sealed Door
A dark evil permeates through the door as you grab the door handle.  To your relief, the door simply will not open.

Dark Room
You open the door and see nothing through the pitch blackness.  You reach for the light switch, but nothing happens.
Place darkness token.

The office is thick with cigarette smoke.  Filing cabinets line the wall, and a pile of magazines sticks out from under the leg of a cheap wooden desk.  Behind the desk sits a pudgy, bald man full of nervous energy.
"It's about time you got here," he says while tapping his fingers on the desk.  "Time is money, and we're losing it by the truckload."
"I need your help finding our missing business parter."
He tosses you a dirty manila folder.  "Our missing man is named Walter Lynch.  He's always been the brains of this operation, and without him, this business venture is a bust.  He hasn't been answering leters, and all our other investigations have been..." he pauses, choosing his next word carefully, "unsuccessful."
He glances at the folder.  "You have everything we know.  Bring him back to use, more than you know is at stake."
Later, in your car, you carefully open the soiled folder.  You find a crude map with directions to a mansion just outside Arkham, Massachusetts.  The drawing is primitive, as if sketched by a child.  Behind the map lies a turn journal entry:
"June 8, 1918: It has been nearly a year since the illness came for my son.  The doctors were mystified as it slowly consumed his flesh.  I am a man of action and could not sit around and wait for my heir to deteriorate.
Nine months I spent, traveling the globe searching for a cure.  From the depths of the jungles to the wisdom of the orient, I found nothing.  I kept searching, deeper and deeper into the lost places of the world and beyond.
I witnessed many mysteries and horrors, but the cure still eluded me.
Little did I know that it was already too late.  Back home, my son passed from this world wwith no father there to comfort him.
I returned home to my wife Edith, intending to stay for good.  We frieved.  Life slowly returned to normal and I returned to work.  I started up new business ventures and grew my fortune while my soul languished.
The healing process was not easy, but I found that helping mend Edith's heart helped me ignore my own pain."
A breifer entry lies on the back.
"January 21, 1919: How could this happen?  Why could this happen?
You try to protect yourself.  YOu try to protect your family, but it doesn't matter.
Oh Edith, your're all I have.  How could it happen to you?
I MUST dig deeper.  I will turn over stones that I dared not touch.  I WILL find answers!"

Objective 1A
When revealed discard all locks and "Maniac Attack"

Keeper wins on last event
Deep in the pile of rubble and bodies, a possessed Walter Lynch cackles weakly with his last breath.

The investigators win if Walter is killed
As he collapses to the ground, the investigators breathe a sign of relief.  Your employer will not be happy, but at least you eliminated the evil spitit's vessel into our world.

Objective 1B
2 samples on altar - reveal and place shoggoth

keeper wins if shoggoth escapes
High in the attic, Walter, having finished his task, hangs himself.

The investigators win if the shoggoth dies, or the last Event card is resolved.
The shoggoth falls to the ground in a writhing mass of tentacles.  Whatever madness Walter contracted on his journey is destroyed forever.

Objective 1C
The keeper wins if 2 investigators have been killed
The pile of corpses sticks of decay.  The pile is high enough to appease the virus for the time being.  More visitors can always be invited when the need arises.

The investigators win if all investigators escape from the Foyer.
Against an insane killer and an army of undead, you decide to return to your employer empty-handed.  For good measure, you burn the house down on your way out.

Evidence?
